well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today uh we're gonna talk about an
idea that's being floated
a suggestion that is coming up by a
surprising number of people in a whole
lot of different circles
this suggestion is occurring
because congress left without
providing any relief for us normal folk
us down at the bottom they decided they
were going to take a couple weeks
off so a whole lot of people are
suggesting that everybody
take a couple weeks off so today
we are going to talk about strikes
generally
we're going to talk about their history
we're going to talk about why they work
how they work
talk about what you need in a country
that's uh
considering one and then we're going to
talk about some pitfalls
that would exist in the united states
that may not exist in other countries
okay so the history of mass work
stoppages
there are a whole lot of different
movements that like to lay claim to the
idea that
well we gave birth to this they're all
wrong
okay the earliest one that i'm aware of
and there are probably
some even earlier than this but the
earliest one that i'm aware of
is 2500 years ago 500 bc
in rome there was a series of them
and it worked one almost toppled
de gaulle's government in 1947
there was one being planned in japan
and uh macarthur stepped it he's like no
no you can't do this we're still trying
to get this country back on its feet
this is too deadly of a social weapon to
be used right now
his words why
why is it so effective because it's
everybody
everybody stops working when you're
talking about a normal strike
it's one industry so those super wealthy
people
they don't really even feel it because
they have income from other places
but when it's a whole bunch of
industries
when it's pretty much everybody who
isn't in a critical field
they feel it and these are the people
that have enough money to own
congress people
so the establishment the government
establishment in whatever country you're
talking about they tend to respond
because nobody likes to get an angry
phone call from their boss
and when it's across the board
in a whole bunch of industries it
impacts the gdp
we got to see what happens
in a disorganized manner when everybody
just stays at home
right impacted the gdp pretty
significantly the gross domestic product
and government took notice pretty
quickly
the reason these strikes work
is because the government's not in
control of it they can't convince people
oh well if you don't go back to work
we're gonna not give you relief
we're gonna cut your unemployment to
make sure you lazy bums get out there
and sacrifice yourself on the altar of
the stock market
they don't have those tools
so that's why they're effective and
that's how they work
what do you need you need community
networks that's not me staying on brand
you have to have them um
because they're across industry you have
to have people in the community
who can number one tell people that it's
going on
number two help organize
because once it starts these things can
last weeks
people are going to need stuff you know
everybody stocks up before one of these
but eventually somebody's going to need
milk
a baby is going to run out of formula
there has to be a network in place
to make sure that everybody gets the
assistance they need
so you have to have those um
there are a couple of pitfalls in the
u.s
that are specific to the us the first
is that we are incredibly polarized
in a lot of countries when it gets to
the point when it gets so bad
that people are proposing a general
strike
well they
they kind of align enough to get major
reforms
in the u.s we're too polarized for that
it would have to be limited to the
situation at hand
because you need general appeal to have
a general
strike the list of requests can't have
any divisive issues on it otherwise
you'll drive people away and it'll be
less effective
so in this situation it would have to be
limited to
relief for the working class and
i don't know a public health response
that would be nice too
that's pretty much it that's all you
could really ask for anything else would
start driving people away
you have to make this especially the
first time something like this would be
organized
you have to make it a battle big enough
to matter
but small enough to win
the other problem the u.s has is
geography
the united states is huge huge
even with those community networks in
place
you're talking about tens of thousands
of them
organizing trying to make something
happen and make it livable once it does
in the u.s you would probably need
people with platforms
big platforms people who could capture
the attention of the media
people who maybe already have a little
bit of an image
of being incredibly popular among the
working class
maybe already have a little bit of an
image of being a radical
maybe they're part of the government
and their call or their support
could lend the idea legitimacy
now i can't think of anybody like that
but if you can
maybe tweet her the idea um
the other benefit to having somebody
inside the establishment
supporting it is
the establishment is quicker to take
notice
because this uh
the idea that the working class
can organize something on a national
level without them
well that makes them nervous nobody
wants that so
if somebody within the establishment
somebody within government
lends their support to it all of a
sudden
they have to take notice and they have
to take notice quickly
because they don't want the example set
of organization without government
they don't want that to happen so if you
had
this mythical person start making that
call
start supporting it start even
mentioning it
you could probably get relief and a
public health response
without ever having the strike
because they don't want it
that's why they're effective
anyway so that's a general look at a
general strike
that's kind of how they work how they
function why they're effective
and some of the stuff that is kind of
unique to the us there are other
countries that applies to but
it certainly applies here
i i i think it's amazing that this is a
topic that is coming up
it is one of the biggest tools of social
change
it is something that can truly uh
alter the fabric of a society
i don't know that we're at the point
where a general strike can occur in the
united states
but the fact that it's being talked
about in numbers
so big that it becomes a trending topic
on twitter
gives you hope at least a little
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day